add a option for local search to fido client (#143)
TCDSolar/stixpy: changelog/143.feature.rst

> Update `Fido` client for to also handle local file search.
> Update `Fido` client for specifying specific versions of files.
> Update `Fido` client so the search result can be filter for files just returning the latest version available (with the highest version number).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update `Fido` client to optionally take root path or url. Also add attributes to enable searching for specific versions for example latest version available.
```
